MGM Re-registration (#1994)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.2/application-networks/upgrading/_index.md

# Upgrading an Application Network

If an administrator [re-registers the MGM]({{< relref "../creating/mgm/reregister.md" >}}) or [upgrades a Corda cluster from 5.0 to 5.1]({{< relref "../../deploying-operating/deployment/upgrading/_index.md" >}}), you should upgrade the member {{< tooltip >}}CPIs{{< /tooltip >}} of your application network. The `MemberInfo` platform version is set at member registration time and so upgrading members ensures that this value reflects the current version. Upgrading members enables the following:

* Members see the latest `MemberInfo` of the MGM.

> * The MGM can make decisions about members based on their platform version. For example, excluding them from the network if they do not upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The MGM can make decisions about members based on their platform version. For example, they can be excluded from the network if they do not upgrade.
```

Author: Made a slightly different edit.
